adding `on_execute_callback` to callbacks docs (#22362)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/logging-monitoring/callbacks.rst

``on_failure_callback``                     Invoked when the task :ref:`fails <concepts:task-instances>`
``sla_miss_callback``                       Invoked when a task misses its defined :ref:`SLA <concepts:slas>`
``on_retry_callback``                       Invoked when the task is :ref:`up for retry <concepts:task-instances>`

> ``on_execute_callback``                     Invoked when the task begins executing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``on_execute_callback``                     Invoked right before the task begins executing. 
```

> ``on_execute_callback``                     Invoked right before the task begins executing. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``on_execute_callback``                     Invoked right before the task begins executing.
```
Remove whitespace to fix static checks
